Document Query Results Cache options in caching.md (#2464)
cortexproject/cortex: docs/production/caching.md

The cache is populated when there is a cache miss.
Items stay in the cache indefinitely.

> The query results cache should be configured on the **query-frontend** using flags with `-frontend.memcached` prefix. You need to also set `-querier.cache-results=true` and `-querier.split-queries-by-interval=24h` (24h is a good starting point).

Reviewer: `-frontend.` prefix, it's not just memcache, we also support redis :)

The cache is populated when there is a cache miss.
Items stay in the cache indefinitely.

> The query results cache should be configured on the **query-frontend** using flags with `-frontend.memcached` (or for example `-frontend.redis`) prefix.
> You need to also set `-querier.cache-results=true` and `-querier.split-queries-by-interval=24h` (24h is a good starting point).

Reviewer 2: @gouthamve @garo What do you think about making it even more clear?

```suggestion
The query results cache should be configured on the **query-frontend** using flags with `-frontend` prefix:

- `-frontend.memcached.*` flags to use Memcached backend
- `-frontend.redis.*` flags to use Redis backend
- `-frontend.fifocache.*` and `-frontend.cache.enable-fifocache` flags to use the per-process in-memory cache (not shared across multiple query-frontend instances)

Please keep in mind to also enable `-querier.cache-results=true` and configure `-querier.split-queries-by-interval=24h` (`24h` is a good starting point).
```
